welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about Maleficent
Maleficent as a powerful fairy living in
the Moors a magical forest realm
bordering a human Kingdom as a young
girl
Maleficent meets and falls in love with
a human peasant boy named Stefan his
love is overshadowed by ambition and as
they grow older the two grow apart and
Maleficent becomes protector of the
Moors when king henry tries to conquer
the Moors Maleficent mortally wounds him
forcing his retreat as he lies dying he
declares that whoever kills Maleficent
will be named his successor and marry
his daughter
Stefan visits Maleficent in the Moors
drugs her but as unable to bring himself
to kill Maleficent instead he severs her
wings using iron which is lethal to
fairies and presents them to the king
devastated by Stefan's betrayal
Maleficent turns the Moors into a dark
Kingdom and transforms a raven named
Diavel to serve her after some time
Diavel informs Maleficent that King
Stefan's newborn daughter Aurora is
being christened vengeful Maleficent
arrives uninvited and curses the infant
princess on her 16th birthday she will
prick her finger on a spinning wheel
spindle and fall into a permanent deep
sleep Maleficent mocks Stefan's plea for
mercy but offers an antidote the curse
can be broken by true love's kiss which
Maleficent and Stefan believe is
non-existent Stefan sends Aurora a way
to live with three Pixies not grass
thistle Witt and flittle to protect her
until the day after her 16th birthday he
destroys every spinning wheel in the
kingdom and hides their remnants in the
castle dungeon Stefan sends his armies
to find and kill Maleficent but she
surrounds the Moors with an impenetrable
wall of thorns in trying to prevent the
curse
Stefan slips into madness and paranoia
even neglecting to see his wife on her
deathbed
Maleficent gradually begins to care for
the young Aurora
when the bumbling and neglectful Pixies
failed to properly look after her after
briefly meeting Aurora Maleficent
watches over her from afar when Aurora
is 15 she encounters Maleficent where
she is being watched over Aurora
believes Maleficent to be her fairy
godmother
Maleficent realizes that she cares for
the girl and unsuccessfully attempts to
undo the curse but it is unbreakable
other than by true love's kiss meanwhile
in the forest
Aurora meets a young prince named Philip
and the two are attracted to each other
on the day before Aurora's 16th birthday
Aurora tells Maleficent that she would
like to live with her in the Moors when
Aurora returns to the cottage The Pixies
inadvertently tell Aurora of her past
and Maleficent's true identity
Aurora runs to her father's castle upset
that Maleficent had never told her about
the curse to protect Aurora Stefan locks
her in a room while plotting to kill
Maleficent
however the curses power draws Aurora to
the dungeon
Aurora pricks her finger on a spindle
and falls into a deep sleep fulfilling
the curse Maleficent intent on saving
her abducts Philip and infiltrates
Stefan's Castle Philips kiss fails to
awaken Aurora Maleficent apologizes to
Aurora and kisses her forehead
Aurora awakens as Maleficent's motherly
feelings for her goddaughter count as
true love as Maleficent and Aurora
attempt to leave Stefan and his guards
ambush them an iron net has dropped on
Maleficent
Maleficent transforms Diavel into a
dragon who battles Stefan's guards but
he is eventually captured as well before
Stefan delivers the fatal blow
Aurora finds Maleficent caged wings and
releases them they fly to Maleficent and
reattach Maleficent carries Stefan to
the top of the castles highest tower but
cannot bring herself to kill him
however Stephan attacks Maleficent as
she turns away and they both plummet
from the tower entwined maleficent opens
her wings and Stefan loses his grip
falling to his death in the end
Maleficent returns the Moors to its
former glory and Aurora is crowned Queen
to unite the two kingdoms thank you all
for watching don't forget to subscribe
and hit the bell notification for more
of these videos
[Music]